shaders
   character shader. a flash effect when typed. start with pure white then quickly lerp to the original color
   different effects with shaders. for example text near cursor gets a radial/horizontal gradient color.
   make cursor blink. make it with a shader
   subpixel rendering
add shortcuts
render bloom shader at quarter resolution
    or not. i have better optimization. use two pass blur filter. render it to same rendertexture several times and of course sample the same rendertexture progressively. use weight function. gaussian weight function is good they said.
    or do both
sfx
   when in controlF pressing enter. it says fichuw fichuw or don don every time you press
ctrl+up/down does two things in directory view mode. scrolling and jumping. choose one
ctrl + v should work on ctrl+f mode too
Program.RenderLines() i iterate through every line every frame. problem. what i should do is determine (do the math) what lines to render from these values: font size, camera position, y margin, screen height i think thats all. so create a function that takes these as arguments and returns you what lines to render (index range probably). so then you only iterate through these lines to render
it uses ~15% of my gpu when idle. problem
[abort] controlF regex doesnt match cahracters if they are already in match but it should (bug?) see what i am talking about by searching "....." in controlF. it jumps 5 by 5 but it should proceed 1 by 1 
[abort. used ctrl+q instead] m3 to minimize
detect whether window is visible, if it is not then stop rendering 
[dont do this if you value yourself. move on to another project] concept of window
[refactor] abstract out controlF rendering. same code in playing state and directory view state
--implement redo, un-undo
   bug: cursor positioning doesnt work. sometimes it goes out of text area and crashes the program
show images when hovered over on directory view state
frontend to settings
add scrollbars
a better last known window size logic. right now if you close the window when it is maximized, it will open maximized but wont remember the restored size. so when you click f11 nothing happens
when pressed minimize window button also set state to whatever the previus state was.
   when i de-minimize the window for couple of frames i see the rendering of EditorStatePaused which is not good. idk why that happens. i tried to render previous state before minimizing the window because when window is minimized main loop stops and since it is imgui i thought it would be related to it. but it wasnt so i left it as it was
[no. abort] add a status bar at bottom shows the line and column number of cursor and shows the number of lines in the file and shows zoom level. maybe not as status bar but in the EditorStatePaused
change cursor y repositioning algorithm. only works with monospace font rn.
i should look for fonts in shared fonts folder (C:\Windows\Fonts, /usr/share/fonts) and my custom fonts folder. change the GetFontPath method
